I18N.md, before:

# I18N

The apps UI allows all strings to be translated. Additionally it has a basic UI that allows for the creation of the required translation files, which will give an overview on the progress for a specific language.

## Updating translations

To update translations, the following process is required.

- launch the apps UI, either locally or via [https://polkadot.js.org/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps)
- explicitly navigate to the i18n page, [https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/i18n](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/i18n)

Here you will find a dropdown of all the available languages and all the modules that maps to the UI. On a single screen you will be able to see all the available strings for a specific module.

- adjust any strings as required
- once completed with the changes, click the `Generate translation.json` button to download the translation file
- this file can now be added to the repo with a PR to [https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/master/packages/apps/public/locales](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/master/packages/apps/public/locales)

## Adding a new language

The process is similar for the above, but does require a new folder with the language identifier to be added, with an empty `translation.json` (containing only `{}`) & `index.json` file (containing only `[]`)

Commit message:

locales/<lang>? only containes translation.json (#2633)

I18N.md, after:

# I18N

The apps UI allows all strings to be translated. Additionally it has a basic UI that allows for the creation of the required translation files, which will give an overview on the progress for a specific language.

## Updating translations

To update translations, the following process is required.

- launch the apps UI, either locally or via [https://polkadot.js.org/apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps)
- explicitly navigate to the i18n page, [https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/i18n](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/i18n)

Here you will find a dropdown of all the available languages and all the modules that maps to the UI. On a single screen you will be able to see all the available strings for a specific module.

- adjust any strings as required
- once completed with the changes, click the `Generate translation.json` button to download the translation file
- this file can now be added to the repo with a PR to [https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/master/packages/apps/public/locales](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/master/packages/apps/public/locales)

## Adding a new language

The process is similar for the above, but does require a new folder with the language identifier to be added. Create `packages/apps/public/locales/<id>` folder with an empty `translation.json` (containing only `{}`). After addition of the folder, run `yarn build:i18n` and then the new language will be available for update as per the process in the previous section.
