packages/ui-reactive/README.md, before:

# @polkadot/ui-reactive

A collection of RxJS enabled React components that operate with the [@polkadot/api-rx](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api) library. It automatically manages subscriptions on behalf of the developer, providing a number of unstyled components that can be used to construct UIs.

## usage

Basic usage entails creating a `ContextProvider` and just using the components. For instance, to display the current node time,

```js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import { Api, NodeTime } from '@polkadot/ui-reactive';

...
ReactDOM.render(
  <Api>
    <NodeTime />
  </Api>,
  document.querySelector('#container')
);
...
```

All components are provided unstyled making no assumptions on the actual use, however they all support (optionally) the `label`, `className` and `style` attributes, that can be used to style to component.

```js
...
ReactDOM.render(
  <Api>
    <NodeTime className='rx-time' label='current node time:' />
  </Api>,
  document.querySelector('#container')
);
...
```

Commit message:

README package warnings (stop-gap) (#840)
* README package warnings (stop-gap)

* Link to polkadot-js/ui docs

packages/ui-reactive/README.md, after:

# @polkadot/ui-reactive

WARNING: This is an internal package to [polkadot-js/apps](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps) so is not inteded (yet) for broad use. Since these are generic components, they will move to the [polkadot-js/ui](https://github.com/polkadot-js/ui) repo once deemed stable and usable.

For the existing sharable components usable in external React-based projects, take a look at the [polkadot-js/ui documentation](https://polkadot.js.org/ui/)

## Overview

A collection of RxJS enabled React components that operate with the [@polkadot/api-rx](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api) library. It automatically manages subscriptions on behalf of the developer, providing a number of unstyled components that can be used to construct UIs.

## Usage

Basic usage entails creating a `ContextProvider` and just using the components. For instance, to display the current node time,

```js
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

import { Api, NodeTime } from '@polkadot/ui-reactive';

...
ReactDOM.render(
  <Api>
    <NodeTime />
  </Api>,
  document.querySelector('#container')
);
...
```

All components are provided unstyled making no assumptions on the actual use, however they all support (optionally) the `label`, `className` and `style` attributes, that can be used to style to component.

```js
...
ReactDOM.render(
  <Api>
    <NodeTime className='rx-time' label='current node time:' />
  </Api>,
  document.querySelector('#container')
);
...
```
